# Graph-Mapping-Test
It's in the Graph_Mapping folder. Some fixes to the graph mapping test from Jastrzębski, Ociepka, and Chuderski (2022) by claude that is (I don't know how to code). You can now run it on MacOS and as well as the incorrect feedback (solutions) for the training trials when you turn on *randomise graphs* is fixed. Here is the amazing study https://link.springer.com/article/10.3758/s13428-022-01846-z
> We present Graph Mapping – a simple and effective computerized test of fluid intelligence (reasoning ability). The test requires structure mapping – a key component of the reasoning process. Participants are asked to map a pair of corresponding nodes across two mathematically isomorphic but visually different graphs. The test difficulty can be easily manipulated – the more complex structurally and dissimilar visually the graphs, the higher response error rate. Graph Mapping offers high flexibility in item generation, ranging from trivial to extremally difficult items, supporting progressive item sequences suitable for correlational studies. It also allows multiple item instances (clones) at a fixed difficulty level as well as full item randomization, both particularly suitable for within-subject experimental designs, longitudinal studies, and adaptive testing. The test has short administration times and is unfamiliar to participants, yielding practical advantages. Graph Mapping has excellent psychometric properties: Its convergent validity and reliability is comparable to the three leading traditional fluid reasoning tests. The convenient software allows a researcher to design the optimal test variant for a given study and sample. Graph Mapping can be downloaded from: https://osf.io/wh7zv/

